docs: cleanup and fix inconsistencies (#7415)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/notifications.mdx

)
```

> You can also specify mail options as a DSL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify mail options using a closure:
```
Suggestion only
